#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
attrs==22.2.0
    # via cattrs
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via google-auth
cattrs==22.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
google-api-core[grpc]==2.11.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.16.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-bigquery==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-core==2.3.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-pubsub==2.15.2
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-storage==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.4.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.59.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.6
    # via google-cloud-pubsub
grpcio==1.51.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.51.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
idna==3.4
    # via requests
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
proto-plus==1.22.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
protobuf==4.22.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   python-dateutil
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via requests
